hi how can I help you today hi I can't
seem to leave a wink for someone okay
I'm looking at your profile you left a
lot of this stuff blank okay well I
haven't really been anywhere don't were
they or mentionable have you have you
done anything noteworthy mentionable
no I just like zoned out for a second
okay we have ahead of us the privilege
of publishing the very last issue of
Life magazine temp in up and down man
for the final issue
we just received a negative 25 from Sean
O'Connell for the cover it was 25 it's
not there I know it has the ice Jase she
moves like a woman where have you been
testing the limits of the human spirit
I'd like to climb your hair test that
out hey hey
how was your weekend awesome weekend Wow
what is it you call it when he goes into
one of his little places sound out you
do that now now what's the matter
I lost the picture yo next time I see
you I see that picture
hey dream machine next time I see you
you see the picture you shouldn't go
crack the case
I love mysteries there's parts you think
can't connect
and then to the end they do and it makes
total sense these steps idea of who I
wanted to be
what I wanted to do life is about
courage and going into the unknown
you